== 0.6.0
* Bug Fix
  * Removed "Deleted" column from all index displays
  * Fixed runaway precision on exercise show page.
  * Removed link from pending scorers list.
  * Fixed Chosen styling.
  * Fixed create/update submit button wording inconsistencies.
  * Fixed default project bug and implemented handling of the creation of project-dependent objects when no project is yet
    selected

* Enhancements
  * Added release dates to Changelog.
  * Added bulk upload functionality to results and original results using jQuery Uploader plugin.
  * Added asset download and bulk (zipped file) asset download functionality for exercises, results, and studies.
  * Added search, pagination, and order capabilities to index page of Study Types, Studies, Groups, Rules, and Projects.
  * Ensured ajax loader gif plays while index list is getting updated with search, pagination, or order.
  * Added completion status to scorer pages.

== 0.5.1 (January 8, 2013)

* Bug Fix
  * Fixed projects owned by a user not showing up as managable.

* Security Fix
  * Updated Rails to 3.2.11

* Enhancements
  * Updated to Contour 1.1.2 and use Contour pagination theme
  * User settings page added for information about changing Gravatar
  * Added About page to provide a little more information about Rely

* Refactoring
  * Replaced deprecated <center> tag with CSS center class

== 0.5.0 (December 4, 2012)
* All models are somehow associated with a User, using creator_id if necessary.
* Implemented scoping by project across the entire site.

== 0.4.0 (October 23, 2012)
* Implemented original result functionality.
* Added original results for comparison with rescored result in admin exercise result table.

* Refactoring
  * Refactored Model Structure for Original Result support.
  * Added a global display_errors helper to start refactoring error messages in forms.

== 0.3.1 (September 11, 2012)
* Bug Fix
  * Fixed assessment questionaire for Actigraphy.
  * Fixed assessment questionaire Chosen use.
  * Fixed display of exercise status.
  * Fixed SWF file path for pdf/copy/csv functionality on Exercise dashboard for System Admins.
  * Fixed Update Result crash - update results functionality should work fully now.

== 0.3.0 (September 7, 2012)
* Upgraded Rails to 3.2.8
* Added deleted flag functionality.
* Created exercise dashboard that admins can use to track progress for launched exercises.

* Refactoring
  * Updated schema to remove redundancies between study, reliability id, and result models.

* Bug Fix
  * Fixed missing "delete" image for chosen multi-select fields.
  * Fixed assessment type select box in exercise form to show current value.
  * Fixed search functionality for Rules and Exercises.
  * Fixed  some GUI problems for dates and times.
  * Got rid of links and buttons which should not be accessable.

== 0.2.0 (August 15, 2012)
* Added creator ids to models that had no user assignments.
* Added support for integration testing.
* Set up basic System Admin workflow for launching exercises.
* Set up basic Scorer workflow for adding and editing results
* Set up basic result assessment functionality
* Implemented generation of uuids for each user/study/exercise combination.

* Bug Fix
  * Fixed project index
  * Fixed some link and navigation inconsistencies for scorers and system admins.

== 0.1.1 (July 16, 2012)

* Bug Fix
  * Fixed redirect loop caused by root path requiring system admin privelages.
  * Fixed many-to-many association definitions.

== 0.1.0 (July 16, 2012)
* Added email functionality for created users and user status.
* Set up travis ci
* Disabled email error notifications in production environment
* Wrote up model objects descriptions and definitions
* Created basic models, relations, rails scaffolding, and navigation links
* Converted scaffolding to Contour
* Ensured all tests were passing

== 0.0.1 (June 26, 2012)

* Bug Fix
  * Fixed user controller and user form to be able to update user status flag and admin flag.
  * Ensured all tests were passing

== 0.0.0 (June 19, 2012)

* Project Skeleton based on remomueller/screen application and remomueller/contour gem

